hi guys Joshua today I'm going to bring
you a review with the jpm.n little
Ripper these that's a custom made in
Australia this is an example of one here
you can see the stickers here nice
reflective gold there as well that as
the black hues emboss'd
so as a star you probably see that in
the reflection that's the back side of
the stickers this one's a full shade
back as they a custom made you can
decide if you want to full shape or
something more concave this is a semi
traditional shape somewhere between this
is a full concave so semi traditional
someone between a full and a concave so
you can see there that all the woods
been taken out of here which reduces the
weight but in here it's all nice and
full that means that pretty much on the
face if you're going to be hitting it
let's see if you're going to be hitting
it slightly offset it's a better
performance then he needs somewhere I'll
sit on the on a concave back because it
was basically less wood here the more
more wood there on the sides there but
basically the middle stays the same is
in publishing the same sort of spine
height well I could give you a little
rip off it'll look something like this
basically what we do is we pick a sweet
spot let's say it's high high sweet spot
and then we decide what weight and how
much concave we decide to put in there
once you have ordered your little Ripper
you can go on to JPEG amacom and pick up
your perfect blade on the website and I
have photos of each blade in stock and
you can pick from there if you want to
pick out your perfect blade you can come
in person and test each bat individually
and then how look at the grains and pick
out the best possible blade for you this
ensures a perfect but if you come in to
get your little wrecker made we can
decide your weight as we go the little
Ripper comes in three models there's a
test model which is your basic grade one
the entry-level grade one industrial
there's the limited edition which at the
top quality grade one English willow and
then there's the player's le which is
basically lighter clefts usually
reserved for pros so the process of
getting a little Ripper are two main
processes first one is you can go online
and you can pick you can order and then
you can pick out your specifications
through the website second option is
sending me an email to make an
appointment to come in and have your
back made in front of you this means we
can adjust your back as like I'm not
making it the little Ripper does come
with free Nakia a free fiber sheet as
you can see there and also a sugar which
you can seal them at the bottom of this
that kind of getting it custom-made that
is actually can sort of decide exactly
what you want depending on your pitch
conditions and your stroke play these
two baths would be four very different
so the conditions and players this one
has a very low sweet spot and this one's
pretty high this want to be good for
driving and this one is probably good
for hook shots not saying that you can't
have a low sweet spot and then play a
poor shot this is just a sweet spot here
it's quite low this is going to be the
maximum power you get out of your shots
so this maximum power goes into it
drives but if you see here if you drive
the same length this bit less meet there
a bit more make there so on your drive
there's more wood behind the ball the
ball goes further in terms of the
balance of a bat a higher sweet spot can
contribute to a good pickup and a good
balance which will make the bat feel
live so in the hand I'll give you a ping
test on the little Ripper as you can see
performance is very good particularly
for maximum areas the maximum the area
would be about there it's very high on
the on this particular little river when
you audit your little Ripper you get to
choose between one or four grips we have
scale grips
octopus grips rope to grips and a scale
combo which is actually the most popular
grip you get this option because
everyone likes a different field in
their hands and having your little
Ripper mode you can decide between an
oval semi oval or round handle as you
can see from this one this one's an oval
handle it's skinny at down the bottom
here and thicker out the top that gives
it an oval shape around here around the
bottom which feels comfortable in the
hair around handle is more commonly
found something that's completely round
across the whole handle this gives it
maneuverability in the hands so you
don't have to set on one particular spot
thanks for watching this review on the
JP gammon little Ripper
now hit the jpg I'm not going to see
more information
Cheers